hi this is BJ Remo and today I'm going
to open up for minecraft hangers series
two blind bags
so let's get started there are 10
hangers to collect there is diamond
Steve Alex
Ocelot mushroom wolf squid gasps and
them in chests and other portal there's
also a chase figure and as one out of 48
packs - let's see what I got
we have a chest you can also open this
is pretty cool we have a wolf
we can move his head his legs and his
tail looks very cute we have Alex
now we're going to open our last
minecraft hangers we have an ocelot
to me this looks like a Jaguar
so it's very cute
I like this series more than the first
one once you have what I got I got HS a
wolf
Alex and an ocelot
I like your shoutouts to Sydney stewed
Karen Cameron Chumlee and Evan blue hi
guys thank you for watching please like
and subscribe and bye